# Essay writing service
How to write an essay.
  Think about the topic. How much do you know about what you are going to write? Will you be able to offer something new and fresh on this issue? The essay is famous for its originality. Even if the subject of its content is banal, you are obliged to provide a non-banal view of things, while not forgetting the freshness of the language. Can you? Then go ahead. But if you are not sure about it try <a href="https://essayunion.com/custom-essay-writing-service.html">our essay writing service</a>.
  Materials. What will you be guided by? Will you have enough life and reading experience? Remember that a variety of thoughts, collage of formulations - it is always captivating. Try to look at different points of view on your topic, enter into a discussion with some authors or, conversely, pick up the baton. Your work should give the impression of long and hard work, it should surprise erudition and stump innovative thinking.
  The concentration of ideas. Do not try to say everything at once and everything. Make a good squeeze of everything that sits in the head. Please the reader with sparkling expressions and unexpected facts. Make it so that reading you was extremely pleasant and interesting, while also informative. It's valuable.
  Three whales. As soon as you have said to yourself what you want to state, write down on paper the main directions and thoughts. Choose from three of them the most successful thesis, which will be the basis of the essay. If there are more branches, you run the risk of appearing superficial and incomprehensible. If less, then fixated and conservative. The number "3" has long been recognized as magical, so do not ignore it.
  First the skeleton, then the skin. And everything under the skin, respectively. We are talking about the fact that at first, it is enough to briefly describe the course of his thoughts. Write 1-2 sentences in each paragraph, read slowly, and then have to sculpt a snowball of his thoughts. To add necessary examples and details, to wind information, to use artistic means.
  Style. Constantly watch your speech, reread what you have written. How logical are you in your composition? Do you find it easy to formulate thoughts? Are they attractive to readers? Sometimes it is necessary to dilute the written funny notes, but to be zealous is also not worth it. It is not necessary to fall to a frivolous tone, but also to be the boring philosopher – not the best idea. Develop your own style of presentation, which will be inherent only to you.
  Adjustment. Finally, he wrote so much and was stored inside you, waiting for its finest hour? Now reread and check the connection between the paragraphs. Did you manage to uncover the idea? Are there any extra offers? Is everything in the same style? Are there enough arguments? Questions at this stage, you can ask yourself a great many. Most importantly, do not give on me and be extremely demanding. Whether you write for yourself, for readers, or for the mark – it doesn't matter. Respect themselves should in any case.
  Header. This is perhaps one of the main parts of your essay. It is better to deal with the title at the very end of the work when you have once again read the resulting text and were able to bring to the fore the keywords. It is better, of course, if your title will be different originality and brevity. An essay is a sparkling genre. Everything in it should blaze and sparkle. The reader should not be bored with you. 
  An honest look at things. Do not write about what you do not believe. Do not focus on what is far from you. Write only about what you really close and interesting. When the writing is fully consistent with your inner world, it will be very pleasant to read your sketches. Readers feel very well when the writer's heart is open. The stupidest thing is to forget that someone will read what we have created. The most ignorant thing is to think that readers will endure everything. We are creators! We all can! We are extremely mistaken in this regard. It is not necessary to stuff readers with clumsy thoughts and obvious misconceptions. Truth is the only thing that is valued at all times. When a person reads, he wants to answer some questions for himself, to get to the real order of things. He is interested in what others have already learned. So share your expertise, digest the Genesis, but don't lie. Lying is an unworthy companion of an essayist.
  Innovation. They say that everything has already been added to us. They say that it is impossible to invent a Bicycle. There is a genre of the essay. There is a theme of love. Are you stumped? By no means. There is a wise saying that there are as many people in the gray-white light as there is self-conceit. And here it is not necessary to imitate the great thinkers and try to retell their wise thoughts. It is better to take the subject easier, but offer to look at it from this angle, under which it still never showed. Do not put labels on yourself and immediately become Kant or Freud. Be yourself and spend time on yourself, on your uniqueness. But when it comes to writing, it's every man for himself. 
Now you know how to write an essay. Finally, the last and personal advice. Want to try writing an essay but don't know how to start? Take your favorite aphorism (quote, proverb, beautiful saying) and reflect on it, writing down your thoughts. Avoid stamping judgments and words, look for originality. Let bit by bit, but it will be yours, dear. Over time, writing will become much easier, because the main thing – to start. I think that everyone has the opportunity to brilliantly express their thoughts in the best and exclusive form. The genre of the essay, however, as well as other literary genres, is a good platform for honing the writer's skill. Try and reach!
