# Paper writing service
Papers are perhaps one of the most common and mysterious genres in literature. When I was in school, I was told that it was a "free flow of thought" that everyone can write a paper. And that's all. It seemed that I could write anything and as you like, without being subject to any laws. I made up what I liked best, expressed my thoughts in a chaotic manner, and was very pleased. There was a strong belief that I knew how to write a papers. Later, in College, I was asked to write a paper again. It was already on psychology. After the explanation, it became clear that I should find the information and just rewrite it (or reprint). The work I passed, his legitimate five received, but what is actually a literary genre of the paper, somehow did not understand. And only a few years later, I was able to discover some of the secrets of this not frivolous genre and understand what laws it obeys.
It all started with Michel de Montaigne, who once wrote a book called "Experiments". If you open it, you will see a set of philosophical papers, where the author reflects on the actual things. For example, he has a chapter "On conscience" or "On conceit." At the same time, there is no clear structure, it was impossible to attribute what was written to any previously known genre. So there was a new literary term in the Renaissance, which will mean "trial, paper". However, if it is to translate from French. Latin will give us another translation: "weighing". When you get into the genre of papers, all these primary sources become logical and understandable. The differences between papers and any other genres and writings are quite obvious but if you need some help visit <a href="https://essayunion.com/buy-custom-research-paper-writing-service.html">our paper writing service</a>.
How to write
At first you should answer a few important questions for yourself. For whom and why do I write, why do I write? What is more important to me: to convey my idea or to create an impartial paper? Based on the answers, you should choose the correct form and language available to a particular audience.  Everyone knows that papers are written in schools and universities, under duress or voluntarily. Anyway, there are all papers of few components out of sight is not necessary to lose.
    • The entry. Do not immediately rush to prove something to someone. It is necessary to first prepare the ground, create a certain atmosphere and immerse the reader in a state of thought that will help him to understand your ideas as much as possible.
    • The main part, consisting of the thesis. Remember that the main idea (or thoughts) should be formulated clearly and concisely. They should be clear and simple. Nobody likes unfounded statements. Your task is not only to present, but also to prove. Are you saying that a man's name determines his destiny? Prove by giving some examples from your life or some known information. If the thesis responds to the question "what", then it is necessary to answer the following question: "why"?
    • The final part, conclusion, summing up. You could talk for a long time about the sore, go to the various wilds of their own reflections, but at the end of the paper should be all the mental wealth collected in a tight bundle. Only in this way you will be able to finish the statement and show the value of all written. If your text is too short, you can do it without this part. The main thing that the main idea after all sounded in your words.
    • Conclusion. Here just summarize everything you have just said above. Remember, it is better to mention once again your point of view so it can be clear.
	
